test: Add pod seeding integration test (#1262)
CommunitySolidServer/CommunitySolidServer: documentation/seeding-pods.md

You may optionally specify other parameters 
as described in the [Identity Provider documentation](./identity-provider.md#json-api).

For example, to set up a pod without registering the generated WebID with the Identity Provider:
```json
[
  {
    "podName": "example",
    "email": "hello@example.com",
    "password": "abc123",
    "webId": "https://pod.inrupt.com/example/profile/card#me",
    "register": false
  }
]
```

> It is impossible to use this feature to register pods with pre-existing WebIDs,
> since the server can not verify ownership this way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature cannot be used to register pods with pre-existing WebIDs,
which requires an interactive validation step.
```
